Update ChromeOS installation instructions (#8304)
flutter/website: src/get-started/install/_chrome-setup-chromeos.md

## Configuring web app support

On ChromeOS, you do development work in a Linux container.
However, the Chrome browser itself is part of the
parent ChromeOS operating system,
and Flutter doesn't have a means to call it with the required parameters.

> This issue is tracked as <https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/121462>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Track this issue at [Issue 121462: Improve the web debugging experience on Chromebooks]({{site.github}}/flutter/flutter/issues/121462).
```
